In the next couple of lectures I'm going to show you how easy it is to create this entire spreadsheet
from scratch.
There is no code in this.
There are no macros.
It's really really easy to do.
And these aren't even buttons These are just images here and so what I'll do is I'm going to start off
by just teaching you how to create these image buttons or I guess I just call them images.
And then what we'll do is we'll build upon what we've learned and learned some of the more complex stuff
later.
So to kick it off what we're going to do is I'm going to show you how to make these buttons here.
And so all I did was actually insert inserted shapes and I insert shapes that look like this ok like
that.
And then what I did was and it's important to try to keep that we go.
It's not working.
It's very and it's important to try to keep the size of the spreadsheet small and so Excel is so brilliant
because if you insert the same image over and over and over again it only treats as one image and not
multiple images so we'll keep that in mind when we talk about creating little images like these to insert
OK so let's make this first button.
Let's call this one the home button and it's pretty easy to do all you got to do is just Center the
tax properly and then you can size it any way you want as well and change the fun as well.
So what I'll do is I'm going to make it exactly like I made here.
It'll take too long as I try to be a perfectionist whatever and I just take too long.
So what we're going to do is this they've got a really cool feature here that allows you to use presets.
So instead of just adding a shadow we can add a bunch of stuff at the same time.
And so if we make a button like that.
There you go we're done.
Pretty cool.
OK.
Now actually I like that one better than one just right for next course I'll do that.
Then if you want to insert a way to tell the button what to do when you press the image I should say
all you got to do is this.
It's easy.
Right click your hyperlink it kind of like a hyperlink to a Web site.
So if we wanted to make this hyperlink to a Web site we could do that HDP
on the screen.
The screen typically got Kate when you mouse over.
And then here is the actual link.
And then all you got to do is click and you're done.
So if we go to CNN I don't want to see what the news.
OK.
I'm having a good day.
All right.
And that's basically it.
Now if you want to put images we'll take it one step further now so I'm going to hack this apart here
so you'll see this here is just text on top.
See what I did was actually put an image in the background in story.
So I did not have to create multiple hyperlinks here meaning on the image and the button all that it
was added the hyperlink to the text so that text box there.
So this text box has hyperlink on it again.
But I want to show you how to put this on here.
So the only way to put an image on top.
Oh see I got it.
I got to send that to the front now.
So right click bring two front.
OK.
Now instead of me going ahead and adding hypertext to this and this what you can do is you can insert
a text box on top.
And so you go here shapes textbooks lips.
I had seen in their ID.
Right so here's a text box we can put on top.
And this way we don't have to actually put the hyperlink on the button or the image itself.
And so of course we have to do is we had to make this image see through little go no fail and then no
line as well.
And then what you can do is you can then just insert the hyperlink onto this text box so you right click
hyperlink and they insert here and so we have CNN and our clipboard already and you do it right.
I don't know.
Go to CNN when they mouseover.
OK.
Then when we if we were missed out on it was the bad news today.
You see the top left hand corner for some reason does that sometimes the the most or texts a little
bit off you can see that there.
OK good.
And then what you do is you would group this stuff in.
It's kind of tricky to group in here but what I would do is I would usually insert a brand new sheet
and then let me go back home here and get the stuff here.
So I'm pretty pushed down shift while I slept these three items here copy
and then I paste mount here and then what I can do is I can hit control a select all and then group
a circuit that means in second.
So now to go control or command it.
I mean if you're a Mac on a PC and then what you do is right click and then you select group gut.
OK great is all this here and I'm going to build on this slowly but this here is just one massive group.
And that way I could put all this stuff on every single page out there except for the green button because
the green button is different on every page because that convention I used in this course was if you're
on a certain tab then make it green.
OK.
And then what I did was actually create another menu here and I hit a couple of things.
Now unhide them one at a time.
OK so Master menu here.
That's for all the resources in the background like to go to my youtube pages or whatever.
And then also for the total progress and I'll show you that a second but I want to first of all do the
buttons because more fun OK.
There you go.
All right.
So this here was my master hidden menu and as I put this here just in case I delete it elsewhere.
And this is the only place where I made the menu and then you'll see it won't let me drag it up any
more than that in the corner there if I let go.
That's kind of tricky on your show you really come in handy if you're trying to create the centering
of this entire menu on every page to be identical.
It controls it looks like I squish that to there for a second.
OK.
So.
So if you were to play around with this you'd see that is kind of hard for me to explain it but I want
to get this across to you because I mean it's important.
You see here how it won't call any more than that.
Underneath it.
Now what I did was I did that on purpose and you can create a hidden box here so I'm going to ungroup
everything and you're going to see how I did this.
He'll take a second.
There's just a loss of that.
There's a little box up there.
It's hard to see because it's invisible.
See it OK.
And I created that little box up there so that when I grouped everything together we couldn't move any
closer than that box there.
And the reason I did that was so I can just jam this entire menu up and the top left hand side on every
single sheet.
And if I didn't have it it wouldn't be perfect and it would take eight million years to try to line
everything perfectly socially with them.
So if I click control or command and then I go here group and then if I try to jam all of that up in
the corner there I'll be able to move it closer or see disaster and then I'll end up using the arrow
keys to try to get it perfect on every single tab.
OK you get the idea.
All right so I guess what I'll do now is I'll just play around on this slide here this will be our sandbox.
All right.
It's nerd talk for playing around tech stuff this non-production.
So I took off the home and so on and there Neith here.
All that is just an image and I copied that same image.
A bunch of times and all the gray boxes are different renditions of that.
And then here and we you to do is when you get these little images like that magnifying glass or the
law whatever make sure that they're small.
OK so if you get them online or from these graphic stalked accom and I got all of my stuff and I'll
actually go to I don't see the news graphics.
Dot com.
There should be a web page is all this should be a news site and all they're allowed to do is just give.
All right.
So I have this here is called story blocks and it's an amalgamation of three different companies.
There is a video which is called the your box.
I use that for some of my courses and the images which you see graphic stock and then there's audio.
And I got my music here as well images music and that is kind of fun.
OK.
All right.
So make sure these are all tiny whenever you put them in.
Because sometimes it's a disaster.
These little things sometimes can be seven or eight megs.
And then you're screwed and performance sucks.
And so I got this entire file that we use in this course too and it was five next or so which I'm pretty
proud of.
It took me a while for that.
OK.
So they're all the same thing there.
And under here and if you're using if you're using a PC or any other Mac aside from my own you probably
saw the flags update here automatically didn't know mine which is unfortunate but it is what it is.
And this here I'm going to show you how to do later so just so I remember this.
Throw societ can ok.
GARRETT Welcome back to the end.
What I did there actually is that's a treat.
Change the transparency built in.
Because I didn't want to show it like when the green when this turns green this button when you click
it.
I didn't want that to be too white in the background so I went here transparency suit there and there
is there is candida.
My people are present.
There you go.
OK.
All right.
Now this here I just got off of off a fiver.
I paid that guy five bucks to make that.
And you saw that I think back in Section step two the course.
Explain how to that just an image.
All right.
So we are almost done with the images this here all this is here is just the text is hyper tech sensitive
on top of that piece here.
This is just a little image that way and this way in the way that I got to know for some reason Siri
thought I was talking.
All right.
The way I did these images here was I use them here with an Excel and you want to use these Excel images
she can because there Microsoft created and to the extent that they're actually not that memory intensive.
So what I did was and you can always just use mirror that paint press feature we use before you can
kind of paint brush that this should work we see your paint brushes that boy here and should pick up
a lot of it to pick up all that.
Not all of it.
OK anyway I played around with it but by going up to this little cool menu I loved to use and I used
I used a bunch of the presets and played around with them and I use a bevel if I pronounce that right
Bebel.
And then I kind of played around with with a bunch theory.
Yeah that's it.
And then you name that that's how he did that.
And again these are the only hyper hypertext is on the text itself.
And then these little guys here.
Oh my God these were pain in the neck.
So I put it in these gray little boxes here.
And then what happened was I had to put green behind.
They're hard to see.
So I'm going to dismantle this bat boy here.
And anyway that there's there's a grey box behind that and then you've got to you've got to use the
send back thing see it there.
It's actually a couple different layers.
Pain in the neck but it's fun.
And then there's a really cool feature which works best on PowerPoint but if you click this how trippy
is that.
So it just thinks that there's a couple of images ungroup everything.
But when you have tons of them.
This is dope.
It's awesome.
It's trippy to write.
Oh that was cool.
I went back on that.
That's new.
All right.
And Microsoft developers always anticipate where you're trying to do when you right click.
Always nice to coatl I have dated myself many times of course but Right-Click always OK.
All right.
So I think we're done with all the buttons now.
These these guys here were a bit challenging to make in all.
All you if you want to change around color do something fancy.
What do you think.
What do you.
I to tell you now I'm going to write like I can right click for picture always right click.
And then there is there's kind of cool little fill features here.
You can have a solid fill a gradient fill and I use gradient a little bit here as well.
You see this here and I play around a lot.
Look up here's what I can change up here.
And then you can change around to a different color.
Again it appears that preset gradients as well.
You got to drag these little Barnum's over here.
That's French.
OK.
And then just changes around here and eventually you'll see changes a little bit.
You know it's kind of painful takes well and you can put your own images in the back if you wanted to.
I don't I don't suggest that folks will take up less space.
OK.
Now I want to show you this quickly.
And it's not going to work perfectly for whatever reason but you've got to make sure that you have move
and size on all of these otherwise you won't be able to minimize that screen here.
And these guys will stick out like a sore thumb.
So if you don't do that they won't minimize but those all minimize there enough on what should be a
little more.
OK.
And when you group them together they group minimize even smaller which which is which is pretty cool.
Pretty cool.
OK great.
And let me see I think we're almost done here.
These here are just I got that from Apple.
I had a really the resolution sucks.
If you if you zoom way and but I had to do that to keep this size small.
Okay great.
And I think we're we're we're done with all of this here and this here is just an image.
Oh I kept this the same on every single page.
So basically in order to work smarter not harder these links here.
This Q&A just goes to my Web site for the YouTube stuff whatever.
And this here just it goes to my Web site Al-Safir PTF.
But they all go to the exact same like every one of these PDA once.
And that way you kind of have one pointer and that's instead of creating multiple instances which which
is kind of like hard coding when you when you code bucket and here these here these are just text boxes.
And then what I did was if you right click you can insert a hyperlink.
I went to Wikipedia and then that's it there.
And these huge boxes.
And then what I'll do is I've shown you everything here when I actually have the checkboxes.
Yeah we'll get there soon.
The reason I threw this little house hoax that's I was saying Ken.
And by the way at 6:00 the homescreen here the reason I put that house on a bunch of screens is because
I was worried that the that the student would get lost if they minimized the screen and they wouldn't
know where the home button is.
That's why I had a little house there house and then it gets so I've been told my whole life I have
an accent but I don't.
Americans have the accent OK not not Canadians.
We invented English OK.
All right.
So if if you click on that it'll go back to my home.
So anyway go out there and get the idea.
And I think that these here are just buttons.
And then this here is just an image.
And there you just right click and then you can insert a comma.
You know the drill.
And then up up up up.
OK that's it.
Good.
All right so we're done with the images now.
Now when I teach.
Oh one more thing I want to show you.
So it's important.
This it's called.
So there's a great feature that lets you line up lots of items.
So what you do is I am going to bring a couple of guys down here can we get some images.
So easier explaining with images.
All right.
So let's have a say have three or four boxes I'll just kind of copy a bunch of this compromise here
though that gets one right.
Let's just use three boxes and let's say that we want to line them up perfectly.
That's why we want to line a couple of boxes up so that they're perfectly flush lined on the bottom.
OK.
So what you do in this case is a group that lasy
hand-grip OK got
lots going on here.
Slow here.
OK good.
So we're ungrouped.
So what we would do is you would select multiple boxes at the same time and then line it up on the bottom
or the top with the left to the right.
I'll show it.
That means it and this will be.
This will save a lot.
It's fun to get count artistic so you get a picture format here.
It has a menu doesn't appear until you click on them and then you go to a line and a line bottom to
wash those three rectangles.
Watch this.
See that pretty cool.
So they're perfectly aligned on the bottom.
And what I usually do is I usually make the master one way higher up than the others and vice versa
where I can align the top line left whatever it is.
And you can also sort of I have a dream go back to where it was.
You can also have them spaced out horizontally as well sort of selected the text there.
But if you select multiples and I try to do this over here they are almost perfectly spaced.
One tenth of a millimeter somewhere which drove me crazy but whatever.
If you want to give me a one star of you I completely.
If you want to you want to 100 percent money back guarantee right now.
31 days later I totally get.
I'm with you.
Right so go here.
Pick your format and then we can go to a line industry horizontally.
Watch this thinking OK.
So they're perfectly distributed horizontally.
And then we can do this you can line them top middle bottom and ever but they're now flush.
OK it'll work.
There you go.
OK.